USER STORIES AND PLAN

SPRINT 1
	Reads in a lesson template and spit it back to another file called lesson.html.
	Parses a unit file and spit info back 
	Reads in a lesson template with variables and spit it out with random values swapped in.
	Substitutes unit basic info into template.
	Creates files in specified output directory
	Creates lesson files each with its given title embedded.
	Moved stuff around so displays images, js, and css correctly (for testing).
	Creates activity files with title and correct js file.
	Creates lesson files each with its given video.
	Creates lesson files each with its content above and below.
	Creates lesson files each with the next/previous
	Creates activity files each with the next/previous
	Creates activity files all with the correct js file.
	Creates lesson files each with the full nav bar 
	Nav bars have the active set properly.
	Creates activity files each with the full nav bar

SPRINT 2
Generates quiz .js files:
	Can read in quiz sections
	Parses question choices
	Can generate dummy questions of type MC
	Can generate real questions of type MC
	Can generate dummy questions of type MS
	Can generate real questions of type MS
	Writes to the properly-named js file.

SPRINT 3:
	Can generate dummy questions of type free
	Can generate real questions of type free
	Runs from a config file that further configures folders and files to use.

SPRINT 4: Output to CourseBuilder format Due 8/31
	Can process multiple config files at once in batch mode.
	Use this to add "(c) 2014 Rose-Hulman." to each template and thus each page.   

	Config file tells what output format (standalone vs. course builder) we are using. 
	Can output in coursebuilder format by specifying in config file

SPRINT 5, 8/25: Done.
	Currently runs best from the CourseMaterials git repo that checks out to the public folder. 
	Moved this codebase to the CourseMaterials repo, 
	so all collaborators can check them, but they shouldn't be public. Just delete when checking out to a public area.
	Checkout script does this.
	Follow dirs in:
	http://gbayer.com/development/moving-files-from-one-git-repository-to-another-preserving-history/

SPRINT 6, 8/31
	Post all videos to youtube and insert links.


SPRINT 6: User friendliness (IN PROGRESS?, Due 8/31) 
	Can run in interactive or batch mode
		Next: Test and Debug passing unit file, not String. 
		Pass output filedir, ignore that from unit file.
		Goal: hardcoded (in config file) relative path, so moved to correct location for me!

	File format OK for units? 
	Merge output and video names into 1 format. 
	Allow spaces in unit name (check this) 
	Confirm relative location of output and videos.
	
	Paths for Batch mode: OK?
		Config file must live with jar file.
		Config file tells where unit file is
		Config file tells where supplementary files (lesson, activity, and quiz templates) are.
		Unit file gives relative output location - is OK? 
	
	What options would be nice to have in interactive mode?
		Location of unit file, output folder, coursebuilder vs standalone (later)
			
	
Backlog
	